Removing Gradle plugin module (#252)
elastic/apm-agent-android: docs/setup.asciidoc

    @Override
    public void onCreate() {
        super.onCreate();
        String apmServerUrl = "https://my-apm-server";
        Connectivity myConnectivityConfig = Connectivity.simple(apmServerUrl); <1>
//        Connectivity myConnectivityConfig = Connectivity.withApiKey(apmServerUrl, "my_api_key"); <2>
//        Connectivity myConnectivityConfig = Connectivity.withSecretToken(apmServerUrl, "my_secret_token"); <3>
        ElasticApmAgent.initialize(this, myConnectivityConfig); <4>

        // Optionally if you also define a custom configuration:
        // ElasticApmAgent.initialize(this, ElasticApmConfiguration.builder().build(), myConnectivityConfig);
    }
}
----

<1> Connects to an APM server that requires no authentication.

> <2> Connects to an APM server that requires an https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/guide/current/api-key.html[API KEY] for authentication.
> <3> Connects to an APM server that requires a https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/guide/current/secret-token.html[SECRET TOKEN] for authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Connects to an APM server that requires an {apm-guide-ref}/api-key.html[API key] for authentication.
<3> Connects to an APM server that requires a {apm-guide-ref}/secret-token.html[secret token] for authentication.
```

All that's left is to compile and run your application.
That's it!

[float]
[[whats-next]]
=== What's next?

After initializing the agent, your application will:

> - Create traces for all https://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/Activity[Activity] and https://developer.android.com/reference/androidx/fragment/app/Fragment[Fragment] classes' starting methods.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create traces for all https://developer.android.com/reference/android/app/Activity[Activity] and https://developer.android.com/reference/androidx/fragment/app/Fragment[Fragment] classes starting methods.
```
